# Upgrading to 4.3.x

Version 4.3.0 overhauls the UI, improves quality of life for administrators, and adds functionality that helps us build a better tool. System notifications will allow you to report bugs to us faster, and analytics helps us see which parts of the platform we should spend more time on. 

## Important Changes
* Celery container (`krypted_celery`) has been merged into the `krypted` container, with multiple entrypoints. 
* Google analytics and GDPR cookie consent have been added. 
* User interface (AdminLTE) has been updated from 2.4.5 to 3.0.4, resulting in a **huge UI overhaul**. 
* User notifications have been added.

## Minimum Package Versions 
|   Package Name    |   Minimum Required Version    |
|  ---  |  ---  |
|   `django-eveonline-connector`    |   `django-eveonline-connector==1.2.0`    |
|   `django-eveonline-timerboard`   |   `django-eveonline-timerboard==1.1.0`   |
|   `django-discord-connector`      |   `django-discord-connector==1.2.0`      |
|   `django-eveonline-doctrine-manager` | `django-eveonline-doctrine-manager==1.3.0` |
|   `django-eveonline-group-states` | `django-eveonline-group-states=1.2.0`    |

## Upgrading
### Backup Database
Always back up your database before you mess around. 
```
sudo docker-compose exec db sh -c 'exec mysqldump "$MYSQL_DATABASE" -u"$MYSQL_USER" -p"$MYSQL_PASSWORD" 2>/dev/null' | gzip > "`date +"%Y_%m_%d"`_krypted.sql.gz"
```

### docker-compose.yml
From 4.2.x, you'll need to change your celery image from `krypted_celery` to `krypted` for versions `4.3.0`, `latest`, `experimental`, and beyond. This image will be fully deprecated in 2-3 months. 

Furthermore, you must specify the `entrypoint` for each application in the stack now.

```
    app:
        image: kryptedgaming/krypted:experimental
        env_file: .env
        entrypoint: dev_entrypoint.sh
```

```
    celery:
        image: kryptedgaming/krypted:experimental
        env_file: .env
        entrypoint: celery_entrypoint.sh
```

### Google Analytics
CCP Games released their [EVE Partner Program](https://www.eveonline.com/partners) recently, which requires some form of analytics reporting in order to qualify. Qualifying would help us spend less time ratting, and more time developing cool features. 

However, we get it if you want to disable it. Just add this line in your environment.
```
GOOGLE_ANALYTICS=False
```

## Must-try Features
### Notifications
Anytime something breaks, you'll get a System Warning or System Error now. We're planning to flesh this out a **ton** so that we can fix bugs much faster. 

### New "Settings" Page
Administrators now have access to **Settings** in the sidebar, which will allow you to manage your packages and settings all from one page. We're planning to expand this out further, which should allow package developers to create rich configuration menus. 

### Doctrine Filtering
We've added new filters to the Fittings and Doctrines tables, they're pretty neat. 

### Characters Page
The Characters page in the EVE Online Connector has been completely rebuilt, and it won't be ridiculously slow anymore!

### Bug Fixes
We fixed pretty much every bug that was user reported in this release, meaning you'll want to check out minor packages like applications, etc.

However, with system notifications we've been finding tons of new issues and enhancement areas, so our backlog is filled right back up again. Please make sure you report anything that breaks in our Discord, or open a GitHub issue!